add CONTRIBUTING guidelines and initial changelogs (#249)
paritytech/parity-common: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing to parity-common

parity-common welcomes contribution from everyone in the form of suggestions, bug
reports, pull requests, and feedback. This document gives some guidance if you
are thinking of helping us.

> Please reach out here in a GitHub issue if we can do anything to help you contribute.

Reviewer: mention parity gitter/matrix?

Author: I think we're using parity gitter as parity-ethereum support channel. Here the users of parity-common are rust developers exclusively and ATM we don't have many questions coming up about crates in parity-common. If we will, I would suggest creating a separate channel for that.

Reviewer: We're using both (I think there's a bridge too?). I think we should mention at least the gitter.

## Submitting bug reports and feature requests

When reporting a bug or asking for help, please include enough details so that
the people helping you can reproduce the behavior you are seeing. For some tips
on how to approach this, read about how to produce a [Minimal, Complete, and
Verifiable example].

[Minimal, Complete, and Verifiable example]: https://stackoverflow.com/help/mcve

When making a feature request, please make it clear what problem you intend to
solve with the feature, any ideas for how parity-common could support solving that problem, any possible alternatives, and any disadvantages.

## Versioning

> As many crates in the rust ecosystem, all crates in parity-common follow [semantic versioning]. This means bumping PATCH version on bug fixes that don't break backwards compatibility, MINOR version on new features and MAJOR version otherwise (MAJOR.MINOR.PATCH). Versions < 1.0 are considered to have the format 0.MAJOR.MINOR, which means bumping MINOR version for all non-breaking changes.

Reviewer: Worth mentioning the exception of `serde` that isn't following semver? Caution against `rand` upgrades?

Author: Not sure what to add here. Although `serde` doesn't follow semver for `minor` and `patch` bumping, it will bump `major` on a breaking change. And not sure how `rand` is different in terms of breaking changes from other crates. But open to any suggestions.

Reviewer: `serde`: so you're saying we don't need to mention it not following semver because `minor/`patch` releases are backwards compatible?
`rand`: my thinking was simply that some crate updates are (much) more risky than others, but it's hard to come out and say "don't send PRs to upgrade `rand` because it's a mess". But I guess we can handle that as/if PRs come in.

Author: yep, pretty much

> If you bump a dependency that publicly exposed in crate's API (e.g. `pub use dependency;` or `pub field: dependency::Dependency`) and the version transition for dependency was semver-breaking, than it is considered to be a breaking change. To put it simply, if you change could cause a compilation error in user's code, it is a breaking change.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you bump a dependency that is publicly exposed in a crate's API (e.g. `pub use dependency;` or `pub field: dependency::Dependency`) and the version transition for the dependency was semver-breaking, then it is considered to be a breaking change for the consuming crate as well. To put it simply, if your change could cause a compilation error in user's code, it is a breaking change.
```

## Releasing a new version

> When making a new release make sure to follow these steps:

Reviewer: Let's make it clear our preference here: should PRs include version bump and tag or is this up to us to handle?

So fare we've been a bit hazy on this. I tend to include version bumps along with the code changes, but I don't think that's what we want external contributors to do  (i.e. not part of the `paritytech` group of cargo maintainers).
Also, let's clarify that the tagging should happen after the squashed PR commit is on master (and show them the command, lest people forget to push the tag).

* Add a git tag in format `<crate-name>-v<version>`, e.g. `impl-serde-v0.2.2`
* List all major and breaking changes in the crate's changelog.

> * `cargo publish`

Reviewer: Suggest they do a `--dry-run` first?
